- Improve project loading time.
- Improve rendering performance.
- Introduce compressed project file (.cpxc) extension for saving large projects. It should work like a normal save file except the content is non-human-readable.
- Updated default collection and getting started projects.

## Interface
- [Preview Panel] Add real fps display
- [Graph Panel] Improve interface performance.
- [Graph Panel] Entering group now uses Shift + Double click.
- [Animation Panel] Add context menu for expanding, and collapsing all properties.
- [Animation Panel] Add button for hiding node label.
- [Animation Panel] Automatically hide the view control button when overlapped with animation tools.
- [Group IO order] Improve interface.
- [Rotator, Rotator range, Rotator random] Hold CTRL while dragging the textbox will snap the value by 15 degrees.
- [RangeBox] Now show the proper label.
- Mappable parameters now use rangeBox instead of vectorBox.
- Update sliders in popup dialogs.
- Add hotkey to tooltips.

- Add er... settings.

## Node
- Rework group IO order (again). Order now based on group order setting and remove input priority.
- Some Area data now use fractional units by default.
- Angle is now a floating value.

- [De-stray] Add iteration, strict, and mask properties.
- [De-corner] Add iteration, different corner detection types, and mask properties.
- [Stripe] Add AA option.
- [Stripe] Add progress property.
- [Stripe] Add palette render mode.
- [Checker Board] Add smooth, AA rendering properties.
- [Zigzag] Add smooth, AA rendering properties.
- [Cellular, Flow, Fold, Gabor, Simplex, Perlin, Extra Perlins Noise] Add rotation property.
- [Cellular Noise] Add a tiled pattern (set as default), the previous "uniform" pattern will imply no tiling.
- [Group output] Now show surface content.
- [Camera] Complete rework, will not be compatible with the previous version.
- [Camera] Remove background data, all surfaces will be connected to the elements section.
- [Camera] Parallax and depth of field is now a separate value per element.
- [Camera] Replace fix position toggle with positioning mode supporting 2 modes: fix to space or fix to camera.

## Bugs
- [Preview Panel] Fix the toolbar menu disappearing when not inspecting any nodes.
- [Preview Panel] Fix panel not responding when open multiple panels at the same time.
- [Preview Panel] Surface array with size 1 won't display the array selector.
- [Preview Panel] Improve preview gizmo rendering.
- Fix the multiline vectorbox background not showing up, and use the wrong label.
- [Animation Panel] Fix lines and frame numbers clipped incorrectly when panning.

- Fix area type error on non default modes.
- Fix errors when using expressions.
- Fix mask invert not working.
- Fix error when duplicating group.
- [TextArea] Fix comment stop highlighting with text wrap.
- [Group] Fix separator render with toggle.
- [Particle] Fix cache persists when changing dimension from an external source (e.g. global dimension).
- [Armature Bind] Fix error when using bind data.
- [Armature Pose] Fix the preview editor not to scale and rotate the bone properly.
- [Area wrap] Fix crash on create.
- [Cemera] Fix node display content over the previewing surface.
- [Wav file in] Fix playback not resetting when the timeline is looped back to the beginning.
- [Wav file in] Add a warning when the loading file has a different size than the defined package header.