## Interface
- Improve performance.
- New Command palette
- Reorganized theme folder. (If you want to copy the default theme, I recommend deleting the default theme first and then run the software again since the old data will be mixed with the new one.)
- Add the ability to modify hotkey from the context menu.
- Add the ability to activate multiple actions with the one hotkey.
- [Splash] Hovering on welcome projects now won't try to load metadata.
- [Graph Panel] Clicking on a pin now won't open up the loop dialog.
- [Graph Panel] Pressing shift while dropping a single image now allows you to import an image as other nodes (canvas, image array).
- [Preview Panel] The previewing node is now saved between sessions.
- [Inspector Panel] Update globalvar UI.
- [Image Array Editor] Improve UI, add file drop support.

## Node
- Add input bypass.
- New Point in Area node.
- New Vector Magnitude node
- New Vector Swizzle node.
- [Math, Statistic] Setting type now renames the node accordingly.

## Bugs
- Fix hotkey not asve/load.
- [Theme] Fix crashes when loading custom themes.
- [Collection Panel] Fix loading project from the project tab does not recognize steam status.
- [Graph Panel] Fix node created from hotkey got reset to default.
- [Graph Panel] Fix some junctions that still show up after hiding.
- [Graph Panel] Fix Ctrl to drag block other ctrl+ hotkeys from activating.
- [Equation] Fix junction name not update to argument name.
- [Canvas] Fix surface dimension reset to default when copying from other nodes.
- [Particle] Fix rendering problem when modifying value while playing.
- [Node] Fix editing value not register undo point.

