## What's pre-stable?

Pre-stable is a release that will come to a stable branch after some testing in the beta first. Normally stable patches will only contain bug fixes and no new features, but I found some critical bugs after already implementing some features. So I don't want to wait for the next stable to patch them.

- Color, Palette, and canvas nodes now use global color.

## Interface
- Loading the already opened project will close the current project and refresh the file.
- New file explorer panel
- New Histogram panel
- Add version number in the crash report.

- [Color Panel] Improve UI visibility.
- [Color Panel] Add an option to disable the alpha, palette.
- [Color Panel] Add hexadecimal value display.
- [Preview Panel] Increase maximum zoom to x1024.
- [Graph Panel] Dragging a junction from a node inside an inline group will create a new node inside the same group.
- [Graph Panel] You can now connect junctions of the same IO type (output to output, input to input) to transfer the connection from one junction to another.
- [Graph Panel] Ungrouping the node now centers the ungrouped nodes around the original group.
- [Inspector Panel] Add the ability to copy color hex code directly.
- [Inspector Panel] Improve palette and gradient widget.
- [Animation] Hold alt while scrubbing the timeline to use a decimal frame.
- [Add node, palette panel] Use Ctrl + Scroll to resize the item.

## Node
- New Directory Search node.
- New Array split node.
- New Normalize node.
- New Cross section node.
- New Atlas to struct node.

- Bilinear, Bicubic, and radsin interpolation now apply alpha compensation to reduce dark edges when blending with an empty pixel.
- Add node annotation.
- All seed values now come with a randomize button.
- Collection-based loop is deprecated, inline loop is now the default way to loop values.
- Dynamic input nodes now use dummy junctions for adding new data.

- [Supporter] New Pentagonal tile node.
- [Glow] Add inner mode.
- [Outline] Add angle filter (works best with widths 0 and 1).
- [Lua] Lua error now shows up as a notification.
- [3D] The Rotation tool will now be disabled in the Euler unit.
- [Dither] Add noise mode.
- [Dither] Add auto palette option.
- [Path builder] Now accept path anchor input (it doesn't before, huh).
- [Posterize] Improve auto palette algorithm.
- [Equation] Now require explicit variable amount set up.
- [JSON IO] Remove the ability to build, and read specific keys.
- [Shape] Add diamond, trapezoid, parallelogram shapes.
- [Particle, VFX] Add animation stretch setting.
- [Curve] Add alpha curve.

## Bugs
- Project settings now persisted between sessions.
- Fix reset value not working with palette data.
- Fix undoing ungroup operation causes the deleted node to not reappear.
- [Graph Panel] Fix auto connection connect wrong junctions.
- [Graph Panel] Fix crash when distributing nodes vertically.
- [Inspector Panel] Fix flashing when clicking on the color button.
- [History Panel] Fix panel resize error.
- [Menu Items] Now show Hotkey as a box.
- [Canvas, Palette] Fix color comparison error.
- [Replace Colors] Fix crash, error with color dropper.
- [Image Node] Fix error when uploading a spliced image.
- [3D Camera] Fix the camera object not showing up without input.
- [Struct] Fix keys overlapping each other.
- [Cellular Noise] Fix radial options show up in the wrong pattern.
- [Dither] Fix custom texture gives inaccurate results.
- [Atlas set] Fix error on update.
- [Posterize] Fix output becomes too dark.
- [ASE File In] Fix tag display, and interaction.
- [ASE File In] Fix crashes when auto-updating the file.
- [Render Spritesheet] Fix crashes when previewing atlas data in animation mode.
- [Render Spritesheet] Fix the error in sprite array mode.
- [Composite] Fix error when previewing nested surface array.
- [Lua Compute, surface] Fix variable type does not apply to the junction.
- [Lua nodes] Fix error when redoing node deletion.
- [Smooth Path] Fix error on render. 
- [Struct, Switch] Fix junction not removing when undoing.
- [Particle, VFX] Fix rotation revert back when setting to negative degree.

## Addon
- Fix some functions crash when returning nil.