## Interface
- [Collection Panel] Add nodes group.
- [Collection Panel] Add search function
- [Splash] The Contest section is now the general news section.
- [TextInput] Pasting text from the clipboard automatically replaces tabs with spaces.
- Add button to open splash screen when opening getting started files.
- Opening a read-only file now replaces the current read-only before creating a new graph.

## Node
- [Anisotropic Noise] Add separate random color seeds.
- [Line] New two points mode.
- [MK sparkle] Add array output and loop types.
- [Sampler] Add oversample settings.

## Bugs
- [Animation] Fix error on creation.
- [ASE File read] Fix freeze when selecting a tag with a linked frame outside the tag range.
- [Boolean] Fix error with array data.
- [Canvas Group] Fix crashes when creating a new node inside the group manually.
- [Graph Panel] Fix crash when setting junction color.
- [Graph Panel] Fix inline iteration not drawn as a dash line.
- [Graph Panel] Fix opening custom junction color reset connection opacity to zero.
- [HLSL] Fix alpha multiplication.
- [HLSL] Fix inverted v axis.
- [HLSL] Manual compile now force render the node.
- [Line] Now default to none type if no valid path or segment is provided.
- [MK Subpixel] Fix error when no values surface provided.
- [Pin] Fix setting color only changes the connection color on one side.
- [RM Combine] Fix blending error with more than 2 objects.
- [Splash dialog] Fix expanding panel makes panel height overflow.
- [Tunnel] Fix deleted node still getting checked for key duplication.
- Fix force image depth conversion for index-based png.
- Fix screen flashes when an invalid value is connected to gradient data.
- Fix stretching when using non-square surfaces on multiple nodes.
- Fix the junction not showing in the graph when connecting through the inspector panel.
- Remove the error popup when enabling expression for the first time.