## Interface

- [Preview panel] Sampling 16, 32-bit color will now display as an array.
- [Preview panel] Add a button to pop up the current node preview as a floating preview window.
- [Preview panel] Add minimap.
- [Graph Panel] Improve node combine action (Ctrl+B, Ctrl+Shift+B)
  - A base node (Blend, Composite) will be created when no node is selected.
  - If a node(s) is selected, it will combine nodes based on the output type.
    - Surface, Dynamic surface: Blend/Composite
    - Number (int, float): Math/Statistic
    - Boolean: Logic opr.
    - Path: Path combine
    - 3D object, light, scene: 3D scene
- [Graph Panel] Improve performance when viewing large palettes.
- [Inspector panel] Improve pathnode widget.
- [Add node] Sections are now collapsible.
- [Add node, inspector panel] Double-click on a section to collapse/expand all.


## Node

- Tile system.
- New 3D subdivide node.
- New Sky generator node.
- New shrink palette node.
- New ASE tag node.
- Replace RadSin interpolation with Lanczoz3 (RadSin is basically an approximated version of Lanczoz3, but it doesn't seem to do anything different from bilinear)
- Add the ability to expose node metadata (name, position) as a junction.



- [Displace Vertex] Add option to recalculate normal.
- [L-system] Add 3D option.
- [Split text] Add periodic mode.
- [Blur] Add fractional unit to strength.
- [Canvas] Tile setting now applies to the drawing brush.
- [Scale Algorithm] Add rotation to the cleanedge algorithm.
- [Math, Pixel math] Add fract operation.
- [Pixel math] Add operations to match with math nodes.
- [Draw line, random shape, poly shape] Add antialiasing option (SSAA)
- [Shape] Add corner radius property to gear shape.
- [Grid] Add random shift and random scale properties.
- [Grid] Shift property is now cascading.
- [Palette Extract] Improve performance.
- [ASE Layer] Now use the layer name property instead of the node name.



## Bugs

- Fix oversample attribute apply incorrectly.
- Fix node attributes change after duplication.
- Fix scroll item not selecting the right item when searching.
- Fix enum value increasing when duplicate.
- Fix crash when editing area in fraction unit.
- [File explorer] Fix the error when dropping a file.
- [VectorBox] Fix setting "use project dimension" now showing the project dim value.
- [Region Fill] Fix empty result in random color mode.
- [Point light] Fix render error.
- [Export] Exporting to .webp is now synchronous to prevent export errors.
- [2D Light] Fix the ellipse shape not rendering properly.
- [Scatter] Fix error on creation.
- [Text] Fix error when using path.
- [Normal] Fix output not normalizing.
- [Normal] Add option to swap x axis.
- [Composite] Fix inspector shows properties for the wrong surface.
- [Export] Fix exporting using the same temp folder.